feat(linq) add possibility to specify default value for `start` and `stop` parameter of range function (#322)
influxdata/influxdb-client-csharp: Client.Linq/README.md

    |> drop(columns: ["_start", "_stop", "_measurement"])
```

> There is an also possibility to specify default value for `start` and `stop` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a possibility to specify the default value for `start` and `stop` parameter. This is useful when you need to include data with future timestamps when no time bounds are explicitly set.
```
